OWASP Top 10Application Security Risks-2017
Component security: A9:2017 using components with known vulnerability

Using tools that help with component security:
SAST Tools: Checkmarx, IBM appscan, Sonarqube,Veracode
DAST/IAST Tools: Micro Focus Fortify webinspect, IBM ASoC
Software composition analysis: OWASP Dependency check, Sonatype Nexus, Black Duck (by Synopsys)
Standard and compliance Mapping: OWASP Top 10 Project, PCI DSS
Bundled Tools: Retire.JS, OWASP Dependency check

Is the Application vulnerable?
You are likely vulnerable
	1. If you do not know versions of all the component you use 9both client,server side)
	2. If software is out of date, unsupported, vulnerable. This includes OS, web/application server, DBMS,APIs, All components, 
run time environment, libraries
	3.If you do not scan for vulnerability regularly and subscribe to security bullitins for components you use
	4. If you do not secure component configurations
	5. If software developer do not test the compatibily of updated or patched libraries
	6. If you do not upgrade framworks, underlying platforms and dependencies in timely manner
How to Prevent?
There should be patch management process in place to:
	1.remove unused dependencies, unnecessary features, components, files and documentation
	2. Continuously inventory the versions of both client and server side Components eg. frameworks, libraries and their dependencies 
using tools like Versions, DependencyCheck,retire.js. Continuously monitor sources like CVE, NVD for vulnerability in the component.
Subscribe to security alerts for vulnerability for components you use.
	3 Only obtain componets from official sources over secure links 
	4. Monitor for libraries and components that are unmaintained or do not create security patches for older versions.
If patching is not possible consider deploying virtual patch to monitor, detect and protect againsts the discovered issue.

Example of how component security can be Integrated with Jenkins:
Hub detect Jenkins plugin

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



